Rename parachains to rollups (#509)
polkadot-developers/polkadot-docs: develop/toolkit/rollups/index.md

---
title: Rollups
description: Discover essential rollup development resources for building in the Polkadot ecosystem, highlighting tools to streamline your development process.
template: index-page.html
---

# Rollup Tools

> Within the Polkadot ecosystem, you'll find a robust set of development tools that empower developers to build, test, and deploy blockchain applications efficiently. Whether you're designing a custom rollup, testing new features, or validating network configurations, these tools streamline the development process and ensure your blockchain setup is secure and optimized.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Within the Polkadot ecosystem, you'll find a robust development tool that empowers developers to build, test, and deploy blockchain applications efficiently. Whether designing a custom rollup, testing new features, or validating network configurations, these tools streamline the development process and ensure your blockchain setup is secure and optimized.
```

This section explores essential tools for blockchain testing, forking live networks, and interacting with the Polkadot ecosystem, giving you the resources needed to bring your blockchain project to life.

## Quick Links

- [Use Zombienet to spawn a chain](/develop/toolkit/rollups/spawn-chains/zombienet/get-started/)
- [Use Chopsticks to fork a chain](/develop/toolkit/rollups/fork-chains/chopsticks/get-started/)

> - [Use Moonwall to execute E2E testing](/develop/toolkit/rollups/e2e-testing/moonwall/)

Reviewer: I don't know about this, it's very similar to the part in this section, right? The only difference is that you are directed to the content page, and the other goes to that section's index. If it's not a requirement, probably remove it. wdyt?
